grab a seat man that's my seat that's
that's my seat how
you doing man pretty good
you're four years
old okay had to think about it a little
bit Titus let me ask you a question do
you know that you have over 50 million
views on YouTube there's already over a
hundred okay
you have over
is all this is wrong
all this is wrong because it says you
have over 50 million viewers
you have cleaned it up you have over a
hundred I think why is it three girls in
those spots because in this show we put
hot chicks on the front row but see we
got your dad see that's your dad over
there right
I know I know
but see that's the dad and that's the dad
seat over there
because we put a man I got some balls
over here and I want you and over there
and okay
I didn't know that I just saw the ones
over here which one you want to do okay
and let's go see a couple of tricks let's
go over here first all right let me see
this first okay well let me put you up
there then I'm gonna put you up there
hold on and let me see let me get a
couple of balls cuz
we might need a few shots at this but
you're gonna make it so what's your first
one because you're just gonna do it
ladies and gentlemen Titus the
Magnificent yes
you can do it now okay go ahead just just
help make one buddy so we so we can go
down yeah oh Titus Titus don't worry
about the smoke let's just make this shot
so what we're gonna do now is
Titus you scare me with the smoke just yeah
the smoke is gone okay you ready you are you
you
lined up where you need is this thing moving
okay here's my shot
okay there it is all right
Titus let's go